hey Stephanie today I'll be showing our
1000 pound digital spring tester you can
test new use valve springs to make sure
that they are all similar for any given
engine you can test your Springs in
minutes the spring tester is made out of
billet aluminum it's got a backlit
screen with multiple units of
measurement for our Canadian friends our
European friends measures from 1 to
1,000 pounds and 1 pound increments it's
got an auto shutoff for all you
forgetful people and it's just a really
great tool so I will show you how to use
it first thing to do is turn it on wait
for it to show zero now so I'll turn
your measurement on this will help you
do your cam math insert the spring make
sure it's centered and not going to fly
off anywhere because we don't want to
lose an eye
yeah back it off once you get to one so
you can zero everything out and we're
ready to test
look at that barely did anything I'm
already past 200 if you're doing
repetition with multiple Springs there
is a stop back here we can measure
multiple Springs and make sure they're
all within the same general vicinity and
just like nothing and back it off you'd
be ready for your next spring that easy
you're interested in getting something
like this this is not only very
good-looking part it is also a very
useful very professional-looking tool
looks like something that you'd get in a
very professional ski shop or any other
head assembling shop your shouldn't get
in one of your own you can go to
proformparts.com and check out part
number six six seven seven six